yeah there's a lot of zombies in here
wait so we can't run you don't need to
run oh whoa whoa there holy crap okay
I'm in a city close to those coordinates
you're almost oh no more right next to
you okay hey you need stuff already
searched all this place yeah I got I got
a shotgun you can have my shotgun I
don't honey bullets I just I just died
oh I have shotgun bullets okay do /
friend and in my name so we don't kill
each other okay yeah we're friends now
there you go no I can't kill each other
some other guy oh no it's that same
person kill them why don't you have
pants on yeah that's what you get for
not wearing pants hey wait we're all
right ahead of us I don't see it oh whoa
hold up Nia we got it I gotta eat yeah
me too I'm good you eat really fast so
the bridge is broken yeah you go just
that like I do you probably go over here
and it's this uh I remember being over
here one time okay this bridge is weird
just like turn it also lit up here all
right should we kill him this guy yeah
she's had a question don't do that then
go for pho kim why want to kill him
going in the same place we are you wait
I think he died we logged out one
no i didn't i got him oh snap he had a
bunch of pistol ammo this in return here
i'll wait for you guys on the shoreline
okay here you can't pick up the iron
fence wait yes pants I don't need Maps
what any match though I don't know I was
just throwing down some what do you need
i have a lot of stuff do you need
bandages bone thingy no i know i have
like 60 bones and 50 something or what
what gun are you using uh nothing i use
my sword okay but i find it more
reliable than I'm mullet in probably add
in the past them well that is a pistol I
have a shotgun and a half a machine
depends if the mp5 worries really real
this is like a prison I think and I was
a lot of loot in here I remember okay
she's like that there's like one hole in
the wall all right I found it so right
if I had good nice so are there so many
arrows everywhere I don't get the are
their skeletons well there's a zombie
right there get it a lot of zombies in
here wait so we can't run we don't need
their own oh wow there holy crap yeah
Big D fast I'm yeah they respond pretty
quick did it make sure and it won't like
in chato segment liaison and you'll just
die random
you just use the bandages or the paper
on yourself better and it's better if
you don't run cue track more zombies
holy crap so you can't outrun can use
their they drop bandages okay well I
just got hit randomly watch out behind
you behind you probably bleeding I don't
know minute it's this is my darling this
is ray we need to hey come in this
building so we can kind of set up a base
yeah i'm gonna die are you up don't
think i'm gonna make my way back to you
for me there is that enough do they is
it a never-ending supply of zombies how
do we have how do they know where we are
i'm not sure i think they can probably
hear us that seems to be a zombie thing
i'm just gonna go probably die cuz i'm
still infected exactly what do you need
to get uninfected it's like green dye i
think i don't know if it actually has a
proper model oh this is like a yeah it's
like there's the cranes over here and
stuff I'm just gonna look for loot
before I die oh yeah yeah I'm right now
that's death place it's either a
military base I believe it's um yeah I
believe it's that or is lots of people
over here rim really there's a lot of
zombie too I just found a safe place up
here I'm just hiding out on this ladder
which hopefully they can't climb oh
there's a random cow okay this cow
disappeared out of nowhere
you